I am a college going student and i have no special source of income because i dont have a job of my own to carry
the expenses to pay for the course certificate. It will be very difficult for me to gather the certificate amount and
pay for it. I want to learn this course to build my resume and add to my skill base. It will show that i am a hard
worker and self learner also that i am very active. I will learn this course properly and in time. I
need all the help i can get to land a job. I really want to do this course and have a good career. Financial aid will
help me take this course and get knowledge and give me an edge over others.Machine leanring and deep learning concepts are very interesting and i would love to learn the concepts of deep learning and neural networks from this course.




Machine learning is one of hottest topics in the IT industry.Ever since i started my college i have been facinated by how machine leanring and deep learning algorithms solve real world problems and able to predict values for future benefits.This course will help to get a better understanding of this field and help me to build real world applications using these algorithms.I am interested in learning about neural networks and get a better understanding of the concept.This course will help me to build a good resume which will eventually help to land a job or do research in the field of machine leanring.I have been trying learn as much as i can but have not been able to get an in depth understanding of the neural networks and i believe,after looking at the course curriculumn that this course will help me to learn thsi concept properly.
This course will definitely help me in advancing my career. I will complete this course in the specified time
frame or before with full dedication and i will also help others by sharing my knowledge . I intend to participate in
discussion forums.












ompetitive world. Moreover it will add to my knowledge
base. This course will definitely help me in advancing my career. I will complete this course in the specified time
frame or before with full dedication and i will also help others by sharing my knowledge . I intend to participate in
discussion forums. I will also grade the assignments which are to be peer reviewed which i think will be a good
learning. This certificate will be a valuable thing for me as it will help me get better job opportunities. I really


I will not be able to pay off the loan as i am a student and i don.t have any special source of income. I don't have a
job of my own as well so it will be very difficult for me to pay off the loan.